Some interviewers might hold experience candidates to a somewhat lower standard. After all, it's been
years since these candidates took an algorithms class. They're out of practice.
Others though hold experienced candidates to a higher standard, reasoning that the more years of experience allow a candidate to have seen many more types of problems. 

The exception to this rule is system design and architecture questions, as well as questions about your
resume. Typically, students don't study much system architecture, so experience with such challenges
would only come professionally. Your performance in such interview questions would be evaluated with
respect to your experience level. However, students and recent graduates are still asked these questions
and should be prepared to solve them as well as they can

The application and interview process for startups is highly variable

Startups tend to want engineers who are not only smart and who can code, but also people who would
work well in an entrepreneurial environment

in the interview of start up focus on persinality  , skills  then experience

Part of the reasoning for this is that their employees had to go through this process to get hired. They don't
want acquisitions to be an "easy way" into the company

For tech startups, usually all of the engineers go through the interview process, as they are one of the core
motivators for the acquisition. 

Sometimes a startup labels someone who is not a "traditional"software engineer as a software engineer.
This often happens with data scientists or database engineers. These people may underperform during
the software engineer interviews, as their actual role involves other skills.

In other cases, a CEO "sells" a junior software engineer as more senior than he actually is. He underperforms for the senior bar because he's being held to an unfairly high standard. 

for the interviwer : 
give your interviewee space , confident , help and supportive 
ask  between hard and meduim questions